[docs-only] Fix typo and update http->https, port numbers (#1834)
owncloud/ocis: docs/ocis/development/extensions.md

> Open the browser at http://localhost:9100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the browser at https://localhost:9200
```

1. You land on the login screen. click login

> 2. You are redirected to an idp at https://localhost:9200/oauth2/auth with a login mask. Use `einstein:relativity`to login (one of the three demo users)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You are redirected to an idp at https://localhost:9200/signin/v1/identifier with a login mask. Use `einstein:relativity`to login (one of the three demo users)
```
